---
id: id90
title: I Upgraded And Begun Using It Somewhat The Website Has New Colors That Almost Came Directly From Getting Colors To Like Each...
category: research
tags: Coding Bootstrap
date: 2020-04-09T15:55:13.217Z
draft: false
deleted: false
---

I upgraded [Palette][1] and begun using it somewhat. The website has new colors that almost came directly from [Palette][2].

Getting colors to like each other is not easy, but that's why [Palette][3] exists. It is crafted towards generating those six colors (Primary, Secondary, Success, Info, Warning, Danger) in such a way that they will blend together in harmony.

I will need more preview arrangements, I need to be able to see what colors work well with the primary background. But this is easy, and every color has a separate slider, for a Human-based adjustment. So it is not just color theory, but also good taste.

I learned a lot about working with bootstrap these past few weeks, while I did well designing all the widgets, I still wasn't too certain about what colors I could use in which places.

I have learned that Primary, Secondary and White, are the main colors, if I need to make something jump out that's all I got. Success, Info, Warning, Danger are for non-creative decorations. And there is also two more colors Dark and Light. And I use these for backgrounds only. A dark website will use bg-dark for all the widgets, and a white website will use bg-light. There isn't really a way to flip-flop between the two without human intervention. In a couple of months I could outline a plan that would allow switching between dark and white. Personally, I think all websites and applications should be dark. I'll make a website that can switch between the two, but that will take some experimenting. [Bootstrap][4] is the same way, they basically say if you want something dark say bg-dark+text-light and that hard-coded into the design. I would need to make a program that toggles between bg-dark+text-light and bg-light+text-dark on application level (a tier above the design).

[1]: /palette
[2]: /palette
[3]: /palette
[4]: https://getbootstrap.com/